hello and welcome to cooking with Aubrey
for today's recipe I will be making
beeping Bop bibimbap is a Korean dish
sometimes referred to as the Korean
Thanksgiving dish I will be getting my
recipe from this cookbook called recipes
of Korea the cooking level of this
recipe is medium because it requires
quite a bit of multitasking to make this
Mel give yourself about 30 minutes prep
time and 30 minutes cooking time for
this recipe you will need one to do
carrots a bunch of spinach one zucchini
and or one yellow squash cabbage one
yellow onion three or four stocks green
onions bean sprouts sticky or glutinous
rice a cooking oil of your choice salt
and an egg for each person that will be
partaking in the mill special tools that
you will need for this recipe are a rice
cooker and a julienne peeler for this
recipe you can pretty much use any
vegetables that you have on hand for
example mushrooms are a great vegetable
to add to this recipe be sure to use a
variety of different colored vegetables
because it makes for a very
pleasant-looking dish the first thing
you are going to want to do is
thoroughly wash your vegetables to wash
my vegetables I like to use a vinegar
water produce cleanser mixture if you
would like the recipe for this produce
cleanser mixture please click the link
below if you are using spinach that has
the stems on it be sure to cut those
stems off first spray vegetables with
the cleanser being sure to saturate them
with the vinegar water produce cleanser
mixture use a brush to scrub harder
vegetables like the carrots zucchini and
the yellow squash after vegetables have
been scrubbed and cleaned thoroughly
rinse vegetables off just lost
vegetables on a towel to dry next take
your carrots and pill them next take
your pill carrots your onion your
zucchini your squash and your cabbage
and chop them all of your vegetables
should be cut to a similar size about
two inches long and in thin strips as
you cut them be sure to keep each
vegetable separate to make this easy
you can use your julienne peeler to
evenly cut two inch slices or your
carrots zucchini and your squash next
slice your green onions in the meantime
bring a pot of water to boil after all
of your vegetables have been sliced to
about 2 inch pieces remember to keep
everything separate then following the
directions for your rice cooker make 3
cups cooked rice don't forget to turn
the rice cooker on once the water comes
to a boil cooked cabbage in boiled water
for 3 min after spinach has boiled in
water for three minutes rinse the
spinach with cold water if you like you
can add a little bit of toasted sesame
oil to the spinach as well as a pinch of
salt mix well and set spinach to the
side the next step is stir frying the
vegetables in a walk poor about a
tablespoon worth of cooking oil add a
pinch of salt warm the eye to
medium-high temperature once the walk
has warmed you're going to individually
cook each vegetable I'm going to start
with the carrots cook vegetables on
medium high heat for 2 to 3 minutes or
until Kendall's in the meantime coat a
large pan finley with oil and set the
hide to the lowest temperature next take
your carrots after they've been stir fry
for 2 minutes and place them in the pan
that's staying warm on the back I cover
the pan with a lid to keep the carrots
warm next take a paper towel and clean
out any extra carrots that were left
behind and then you're going to start
the process all over again cooking your
next set of vegetables put a dash of
salt and then separately place your next
set of vegetables into the one oil
you're going to repeat this process for
the squash and the cabbage you can
choose to cook the cabbage along with
the onions after each of your vegetables
has been sauteed and kept in their own
individual pile continue to keep them
warm on the back I next take a skillet
and coat it with one to two tablespoons
of oil make sure the bottom of the pan
is evenly coated warm the pan up using
medium heat once the pan is warm crack
an egg into the skillet and fry an egg
for every person that will be served at
the smell each person gets one a after
the eggs have been fried make an
assembly line with all the ingredients
first the stir-fried vegetables the
spinach the green onion the bean sprouts
the egg and the rice the best way to
prepare bibimbap is to use a large bowl
first spoon your rice into the bottom of
the bowl make sure the rice is it a nice
circle at the base of the bowl next
you're going to take your ingredients
and place them around the perimeter of
the bowl starting with the carrots it
doesn't have to be the carrot you can
start with whatever you want to but I'm
going to start with the carrots place
them on the edge next the zucchini the
squash
the cabbage the spinach the green onions
the bean sprouts and last but not least
the egg and here you have it here is the
bibimbap bibimbap is very versatile you
can make it with any vegetable that you
would like to just be sure to use
vegetables that are colorful and
appealing to the eye also if you'd like
to you can make this with marinated beef
or pork if you found this tutorial
helpful at all please like it and of
course please subscribe to cooking with
Aubrey for more delicious recipes see
you next time